README.md, before:

# WizTools.org RESTClient

## About

RESTClient is a Java application to test RESTful webservices. It can be used to test variety of HTTP communications. There are two executables:

* GUI version (restclient-ui-X.jar download)
* Cli version for batch execution of .rcq files (restclient-cli-X.jar download)

### Since 2007

The first version of RESTClient was released late 2007. Since then the tool has been in continuous development.

### Download

Preferred binary download host: [FossHub](http://code.fosshub.com/WizToolsorg-RESTClient/downloads). Archives of earlier releases available at [Google Code](https://code.google.com/p/rest-client/downloads/list).

### Book

[![](http://books.wiztools.org/restclient-book/restclient-book-small.jpg)](http://www.amazon.com/dp/B00D9IIGP6?tag=wiztooorg-20)

One source of revenue for this project is from sale of this book. Show your support for the project by purchasing this book.

### Screenshot

3.2 release:

[![](http://farm3.staticflickr.com/2827/9007025500_030273a590_o.png)](http://www.flickr.com/photos/subwiz/9007025500/)

More screenshots here: http://flickr.com/photos/subwiz/tags/restclient/

### Subscribing to New Releases

Releases and product information is published in the following channels:

* [Blog](http://blog.wiztools.org/)
* [Google+](https://plus.google.com/b/107749935334365269480/)
* [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/wiztools.org)
* [FreeCode](http://freecode.com/projects/restclient/)

Commit message:

added support email details and link to news page

README.md, after:

# WizTools.org RESTClient

## About

RESTClient is a Java application to test RESTful webservices. It can be used to test variety of HTTP communications. There are two executables:

* GUI version (restclient-ui-X.jar download)
* Cli version for batch execution of .rcq files (restclient-cli-X.jar download)

### Since 2007

The first version of RESTClient was released late 2007. Since then the tool has been in continuous development. Visit [[News]] page for history of releases.

### Download

Preferred binary download host: [FossHub](http://code.fosshub.com/WizToolsorg-RESTClient/downloads). Archives of earlier releases available at [Google Code](https://code.google.com/p/rest-client/downloads/list).

### Support

Post your queries in [Google Group mailing list](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/rest-client).

### Book

[![](http://books.wiztools.org/restclient-book/restclient-book-small.jpg)](http://www.amazon.com/dp/B00D9IIGP6?tag=wiztooorg-20)

One source of revenue for this project is from sale of this book. Show your support for the project by purchasing this book.

### Screenshot

3.2 release:

[![](http://farm3.staticflickr.com/2827/9007025500_030273a590_o.png)](http://www.flickr.com/photos/subwiz/9007025500/)

More screenshots here: http://flickr.com/photos/subwiz/tags/restclient/

### Subscribing to New Releases

Releases and product information is published in the following channels:

* [Blog](http://blog.wiztools.org/)
* [Google+](https://plus.google.com/b/107749935334365269480/)
* [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/wiztools.org)
* [FreeCode](http://freecode.com/projects/restclient/)
